# Client-Server-Development

To write maintainable, readable, and adaptable programs, we must follow industry-standard best practices, for example, to restrict the use of problematic areas of the language we are using. In addition, coding standards prevent unspecified behavior and limit error-prone syntax use. An advantage of working with the CRUD Python module is that the code can be reusable and adapted by other programmers in the future. For example, other programmers can add more or change the logic to meet their company’s requirements, making the program adaptable. I can use the CRUD Python module if I’m working with a similar project where I need to query and bring data from MongoDB.

I approached the Grazioso Salvare dashboard based on the proposed requirements. In other words, I considered the project’s purpose and thought about how I could execute it. For example, thinking about the problems I might run into while developing an easy-to-use program for the company. The approach to this project was different from other courses because the assignment involved more coding and understanding a framework simultaneously. Therefore, I had to access the resources often, and I also had to execute the code many times to test its functionality.

In my opinion, computer scientists create solutions for a variety of companies. Their work consists of designing computer systems and writing software to run on websites, phones, and other devices. My work on this project would help a company find anything that might be needed to them by making it simple and user-friendly. 
